README.md, before:

# Kite Issue Tracker

This repository is used to track user-reported issues for the [Kite](https://kite.com) product. Kite's product consists
of:

* __Kite Engine:__ The local application which analyzes code and hosts the machine learning models that power the Kite
experience.
* __Editor plugins:__ Kite provides integrations with a variety of editors. These plugins talk to the Kite Engine based
on user interactions within the editor.
* __Kite Copilot:__ Standalone documentation tool that can show you docs for the Python object underneath your editor's
cursor.

Please open an issue in this repository if you are using Kite's product and have one of the following:

* 🐛 A bug report
* 💡 A suggestion to enhance the product
* 🎁 A new feature request

> ⚠ If you are opening a bug report, please make sure your problem has not already been solved in our
[__troubleshooting guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/52-common-issues-troubleshooting).

## What this repository isn't

Please do not use this repository to ask general questions about Kite, or to ask for help using the product. We have
extensive [__help articles__](https://help.kite.com) for those purposes.

* For general questions, please refer to [__our FAQ__](https://help.kite.com/category/40-the-kite-application).
* For help installing Kite for the first time, please refer to [__our setup guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/39-getting-started).
* For help using the Copilot, please refer to [__our Copilot guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/49-copilot).
* For help using an editor plugin, please refer to one of our editor-specific guides:
  * [__Atom guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/43-atom-integration)
  * [__Sublime Text guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/44-sublime-text-integration)
  * [__JetBrains guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/45-pycharm-intellij-integration)
  * [__VS Code guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/46-vs-code-integration)
  * [__Vim guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/47-vim-integration)
  * [__Spyder guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/89-spyder-integration)
* For troubleshooting common problems, pleaes refer to our [__troubleshooting guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/52-common-issues-troubleshooting).

Commit message:

update with info on how to get logs

README.md, after:

# Kite Issue Tracker

This repository is used to track user-reported issues for the [Kite](https://kite.com) product. Kite's product consists
of:

* __Kite Engine:__ The local application which analyzes code and hosts the machine learning models that power the Kite
experience.
* __Editor plugins:__ Kite provides integrations with a variety of editors. These plugins talk to the Kite Engine based
on user interactions within the editor.
* __Kite Copilot:__ Standalone documentation tool that can show you docs for the Python object underneath your editor's
cursor.

Please open an issue in this repository if you are using Kite's product and have one of the following:

* 🐛 A bug report
* 💡 A suggestion to enhance the product
* 🎁 A new feature request

## When opening a bug report...

1. Please make sure your problem has not already been solved in our [__troubleshooting guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/52-common-issues-troubleshooting).
2. Please provide the relevant logs to help our product and engineering teams debug effectively. This [__help article__](https://help.kite.com/article/96-contact-us-with-logs)
contains information on how to access and share Kite's logs on your system.

## What this repository isn't

Please do not use this repository to ask general questions about Kite, or to ask for help using the product. We have
extensive [__help articles__](https://help.kite.com) for those purposes.

* For general questions, please refer to [__our FAQ__](https://help.kite.com/category/40-the-kite-application).
* For help installing Kite for the first time, please refer to [__our setup guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/39-getting-started).
* For help using the Copilot, please refer to [__our Copilot guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/49-copilot).
* For help using an editor plugin, please refer to one of our editor-specific guides:
  * [__Atom guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/43-atom-integration)
  * [__Sublime Text guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/44-sublime-text-integration)
  * [__JetBrains guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/45-pycharm-intellij-integration)
  * [__VS Code guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/46-vs-code-integration)
  * [__Vim guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/47-vim-integration)
  * [__Spyder guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/89-spyder-integration)
* For troubleshooting common problems, pleaes refer to our [__troubleshooting guide__](https://help.kite.com/category/52-common-issues-troubleshooting).
